when I think well they have like a
couple thing called I'll be a sunny day
as always normally sunny on the file
isn't it when people talk and they
reminisce about when their childhood and
they go it was just like we were we
recreate the fascinating I don't ever
remember thinking we are when we're man
United and we're in the final I never
remember I remember thinking we're in
mums drive and the neighbor goes eight
if we at the ball against their garage I
never used to try and recreate actually
so this is pointless when the drive and
the fondest FA Cup memory is the the
game when West and play Liverpool for
time in a play so I went to this English
food shop Gansevoort and 14th British
food shop we ended up spending a fortune
and got all the ingredients for an
English fire it's a basically a
traditional British butcher's I don't
get bogged down in it to be honest they
all wants to talk about it and as you
come up and talk to me on the street and
all the boys in the play came round I
couldn't believe it that we were
actually winning it at one point empty
national score this is incredible
but being Ashton will know there was
great pride in defeat let's Ferdinand
because we on paper we shouldn't beat
Liverpool it's like just saying on paper
our show should be funnier than the
question of sport it's a very similar
thing it was nice the West and were
involved in one of the you know I don't
think the teams have devalued the cup
I think people talking about the teams
is ready to cut I don't go round to the
offices of a newspaper and go you've
devalued this other celebrity by showing
a picture of this celebrity to put out
over to the one that's that's the nature
of living democracy the Carlo Ancelotti
you can play whatever team he wants to
play I shouldn't ever really have a say
in that and nor should you
and nor should anybody else that's why
he's the manager of Chelsea and I'm not
also the little team should shout aside
I think we've got a chance at beating
him now if they're playing like you know
very level